K/DA
Should we show em how we do it everyday?
Na na na na na na na na na na
Lets get it
Akali that girl, Kali go grr
Kali don’t stop, Kali don’t skrr
Kali got a job, Kali go to work
Tteugeowo eonjena, don’t get burnt
Neomchyeo heulleo more than a buffet
Jugyeo jujanha like I’m Buffy
Nuga gamhi on my huffy
Geo munyeoljima thats a rough day
I’m giving you more cause I’m greater than
Pilyoeobsneun siheomdeul, dabeun imi
But all of my numbers are talking babe
Beullumabeul mrs monopolli
Neoneun jongi doni naneun real money
Pilyo eobsdae neonedeuli manheun doneul
Go get it go get it go get it the mission
Nuneulmostte modu geulae neodo geulae
Cause I got it different
All I’ll ever know
Is life up on a throne
Si jag ha myeon kkeuteul boneun geoya
You want
More
Know I got it so here you go
You look like you could use some more
Know I got it and never running low
Yeah I got
More than enough add it up and away
You know I got it like
Bomb bomb blow your mind
Never giving less and that’s how it’ll stay
You know I got it like
All day, all the time
When I go it’s for gold
Yeah they cool but I’m cold
I don’t fit in the mold
I’m a rebel
I don’t do what you say
Making moves I dont wait
While I smile in your face
I got different DNA
What’s higher than the top, that’s me
Come take a look
Before falling at my feet
Joyonghi momeul sugyeobwa
So take a look
Naleul gieoghae a queen
All I’ll ever know
Is life up on a throne
Si jag ha myeon kkeuteul boneun geoya
You want
More
Know I got it so here you go
You look like you could use some more
Know I got it and never running low
Yeah I got
More than enough add it up and away
You know I got it like
Bomb bomb blow your mind
Never giving less and that’s how it’ll stay
You know I got it like
All day, all the time
Way out
Ganjue youru hailang on the wave now
Buduan wang qian aoyou never weighed down
This is how I do it everyday
Wow, wow
Zhe ye lushang de qiji
Dou ji zhule ni de
Mei yige shunjian, wubi de yaoyan
I know I know, you want some more
Zhunbei hao jiu yiqi zou
Giving it all
More
Know I got it so here you go
You look like you could use some more
Know I got it and never running low
Yeah I got
More than enough add it up and away
You know I got it like
Bomb bomb blow your mind
Never giving less and that’s how it’ll stay
You know I got it like
All day, all the time
K/DA
Should we show em how we do it every day?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na-na
Lets get it
Akali that girl, Kali go grr
Kali dont stop, Kali dont skrrt
Kali got a job, Kali go to work
Tteugeowo eonjena, dont get burnt
Neomchyeo heulleo more than a buffet
Nan jungnyeo jujana like Im Buffy
Nuga gamhi on my Huffy
Geo- munyeoljima thats a rough day (Woo)
Im givin you more cause Im greater than
Pillyoeomneun siheomdeul, dabeun imi
But all of my numbers are talkin, babe
Beullumabeul Mrs. monopolli (Ooh)
Neoneun – jongi doni naneun real money (Hey)
Pillyo eopdae neonedeuri maneun dondeul
Go get it, go get it, go get it, the mission
Nuneulmottte modu geurae neodo geurae (Oh)
Cause I got it different
All Ill ever know is life up on a throne
Si jak ha myeon kkeuteul boneun geoya
You want
More
Know I got it, so here you go (Lets go)
You look like you could use some more (More)
Know I got it and never runnin low (Low)
Yeah, I got more than enough, add it up and away (Ayy, ayy)
You know I got it like bomb-bomb, blow your mind
Never givin less and thats how itll stay (Ayy, ayy)
You know I got it like all day, all the time
When I go, its for gold
Yeah, they cool, but Im cold
I dont fit in the mold
Im a rebel
I dont do what you say
Makin moves, I dont wait
While I smile in your face
I got different DNA
Whats higher than the top? Thats me (Thats me)
Come take a look before falling at my feet (Oh)
Joyonghi momeul suk, yeo bwa (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
So take a look, nareul gieokae a queen (Oh)
All Ill ever know is life up on a throne
Si jak ha myeon kkeuteul boneun geoya
You want
More
Know I got it, so here you go (Lets go)
You look like you could use some more (More)
Know I got it and never runnin low (Low)
Yeah, I got more than enough, add it up and away (Ayy, ayy)
You know I got it like bomb-bomb, blow your mind
Never givin less and thats how itll stay (Ayy, ayy)
You know I got it like all day, all the time
Way out
感觉犹如海浪, on the wave now
不断往前遨游, never weighed down
This is how I do it every day, wow, wow
这一路上的奇迹 都记住了你的
每一个瞬间, 无 比 的 耀 眼
I know, I know, you want some more
准备好就一起走 givin it all
More
Know I got it, so here you go (Lets go, babe)
You look like you could use some more (More)
Know I got it and never runnin low (Low)
Yeah, I got more than enough, add it up and away (Ayy, ayy)
You know I got it like bomb-bomb, blow your mind
Never givin less and thats how itll stay (Ayy, ayy)
You know I got it like all day, all the time